Welcome to the official Saster Podcast
where you can hear some of the best SAS
[music] speakers. This is where the
cloud meets
up today on [music] the Saster Podcast.
This is trying to understand who's
signing up to your product, figure out
if they are a good prospect, qualifying
them, and then trying to score them to
determine how good of a prospect where
they land. And this is by the way
workflows that Anthropic, Figma, Cursor
are all using the power. And then like
if they you know who they are, they are
a good prospect, you've qualified them
accordingly, how do you then create some
language for them over LinkedIn or email
or whatever to reach out to them and get
them going, you know, and then do that
very quickly. And so that's what you're
trying to accomplish here in like one
comprehensive workflow.
Hey Sasser, imagine having agents for
every support t one that triages
tickets, another that catches
duplicates, one that spots churn. That'd
be pretty amazing, right? Happy Posh
just made it real with autopilot.
[music] These pre-built AI agents deploy
in about 60 seconds and run for as low
as two cents per successful action. All
of it sits inside the HappyFox omni
[music] channel AI first support stack
chatbot co-pilot and autopilot working
as one. Check them out at
happyfox.com/saster. [music]
Hey everybody, Saster Annual will be
back May 2026. the world's largest SAS
and AI gathering for [music] executives.
Just this last May, we hosted 10,000
attendees with 68 VP level and above
attendees. 36% CEOs and founders and 25%
were AI first professionals. It's the
very best of STER attendees and decision
makers that come [music] to SAS annual
and AI summit each and every year. But
here's the reality, folks. The longer
you wait, the higher ticket prices get.
They're cheap now. They're cheap. So
just get them early. Lock in your spot
today. Use my code Jason 100 for [music]
exclusive savings. Get your tickets at
podcast.sanual.com
or just use code Jason100 when you check
[music] out. See you there. Saster
annual and AISummit 2026. It will rock
>> everyone. Welcome back.
>> Let's go.
>> I'm excited for here. He came all the
way from the States for you guys. So
give him a round of applause.
Just by show of hands, who's seen like a
clay billboard? Any clay anything? Okay,
you got some fans already.
>> Let's go.
>> All right. So, we're excited. We have
room here today. We're going to take
some questions. So, if you want to send
your questions on the live stream, uh
we'll do some spicy questions at the
end.
>> Yeah. Okay, great. And keep it, we want
to make this very engaging. We want to
make this very, you know, conversational
and interactive. So, you know, bring out
your hardest hitting questions like
>> Yeah. Okay. So, this will be fun. So,
for those who maybe don't know Clay yet
or haven't seen the billboards,
you know, a bit of a reputation for like
going viral, doing all these like crazy
marketing things, like I know you guys
have sent people like clay figures of
themselves. Like, you've done a bunch of
crazy things. Like, is this just you
telling the team like where does And
your shoes are even like his shoes. The
shoes are braid.
>> His shoes are brand.
>> Yeah.
>> Like everything is brand. So like where
does all that come from?
>> Well, maybe I'll just explain Clay for
just a minute. Well, I have some
baseline and understanding if if you
aren't familiar. Uh basically, we are
trying to help everyone in this audience
grow their business. At the end of the
day, everyone here has a TAM. You're
just trying to find the delta. And the
only ways you can do that are by
converting your inbound, by going
getting outbound or taking your existing
customers and expanding that. And we
help you do that by giving you all the
data providers in the world, giving you
LLMs to improve that data and data
points that no one would ever have like
is a company sock 2 compliant or is it
B2B or something or something way more
interesting. And then we let you use
those as primitives to run growth
campaigns and the most creative growth
campaigns. So we can talk about some of
those and and and th those could be like
personalized ads or outbound campaigns
or direct mail and and play becomes the
vehicle by which you run your most
creative growth ideas. So bring coming
back to marketing. Yeah, we we I will
say brand is very core to our our our
company.
We bought clay.com
um u before any revenue.
We have a full set in house. Actually,
we contracted with him originally and
this is again we almost had no revenue.
>> We have a clay artist in Hap.
>> Yes. But originally he was a contractor
and we had almost no revenue and he had
a very innovative business model. So he
would like make these blobs and they're
beautiful blobs blobs but he would have
like
>> he would say okay you can get the blob
but it's like $3,000 and you can rent it
for a year and then you'll have to renew
it again next year. So it was like SAS
business model for like Clay Nation
blobs, but I was obsessed with the blobs
and we were all were so we like paid for
the blobs. We had a head of brand of
like 15 people
and yes like uh like there are a lot of
inventive things we do on marketing and
and so but all of these things we don't
do just because for the sake of it we do
it because it's like very cord us and
it's very authentic to who we are. You
wouldn't hire the head of brand or have
the paymation artist or pay this much
money from blobs every year. Sure. if uh
when you don't even have revenue if it
wasn't like core to your
we do it because it's like what matters
to us and it's beautiful and like that's
really representative and over time as
the business has worked it's turned into
like a real differentiator on the very
creative marketing campaigns that we do
now generally speaking I find that B2B
marketing is very boring extremely
boring and generally people look at like
I just saw Philip back there he's a CRO
of personio and we had dinner recently
and and you know people would look at
Philip and I and I mean with all the
love of my heart. People will look at
him and be like, "Hey, you know, you
probably get your news from Gartner and
and and like Forester and that's not
true, you know, like he do scrolls
LinkedIn just like the rest of us." And
so, how do you communicate with
Philillip or Amelia or any of these
people in a way that feels authentic and
fresh and interesting
and and and and keep that, you know, and
do that with like and do that with some
pace? And so, we're trying a lot of
different things. More recently, we're
doing more like like my CFO and I are
doing these videos where we analyze the
ROI of marketing.
>> I've seen I was like, "Oh, they're
talking numbers on the LinkedIn."
>> Yeah. Yeah. Or like, "Hey, hey, Karen,
like I want to go to the Super Bowl with
five prospects and they'll cost
$60,000." And he said, "No." And like,
and those are really resonating and
getting a lot of traction. And so, we're
doing a lot of these things that feel
authentic to us and help us connect with
audiences, but in new and innovative
ways. And I think the reason um we're
able to do this is we actually hire very
non-traditional people to do marketing.
Let me ask you this though on all that.
Is it working? Like does it show up in
the numbers and the revenue? Like do you
guys get a lot of inbound from it? Like
how much of that translates back into
the business?
>> Yeah. So I mean it obviously depends.
Some are hits and some are flops. But
when you're being this creative that
that's going to happen. I what I will
say unequivocally is we are capturing
mind share a lot. like you like just for
the last month I've been in Europe,
pretty much everyone I've interacted
with has actually seen these videos with
me and our CFO and they bring it up, you
know, and the hardest thing to do in B2B
marketing is actually capture mind share
because it's so competitive. There's so
many companies out there, forget even in
your own space, but just generally so
many things are happening and obviously
people are on TikTok and reading the
news and there's all these things going
on. So the number one thing is can you
capture mind share? Can you do it
obviously in a way that's consistent
with your brand and then um like how do
you translate that to people and so yeah
we do see that in it's accelerating
deals, it's bringing in new inbound,
it's staying top of mind and when we
have a moment when people need Clay like
they're ready to to do something.
>> I want to touch on recruiting real quick
and then I'll let you do a demo for
folks just so that they can understand
Clay conceptually before we do the rest.
The thing I see all over LinkedIn for
like the last six months is we're hiring
a go to market engineer. we're hiring a
go to market engineer. And I was like,
didn't didn't Clay like invent
like literally like just manifest the go
to market engineer into being. So, first
question. Well, one, congrats cuz I
that's like all I see on LinkedIn.
Second
one, how Okay, let's just do it one at a
time. How did you come up with GTM
engineer?
The origin was actually I was coming up
with a name for our own sales team.
Pounder led sales for a while and was
like, "Okay, let's build out a sales
team." To be honest, at the time, no one
really understood Clay. In fact, Amelia
backstage was like, I was like, "Why
aren't you guys using Clay yet? It's a
mess of products. Obviously, this could
help." And he's like, she's like, "It's
too complicated." Which is a narrative
that we're working on, but at the but
certainly it was too complicated two
three years ago when we were selling the
sales team despite it being a goto
market product.
And so I was like, okay, why don't I
find people like me who are like growth
and ops people, people who are like our
customers when it's very like product
oriented and we really need that product
kind of life cycle and feedback loop.
Um, and so we need that's like the mold
we were looking for. And so we tried
that as as the approach. We tried that
as the approach and
that that profile really worked for our
sales and and now our sales team is 35
people. We're still hiring those people
to do our sales. Um, and of course we
have some traditional AES, but when I
was looking for a name for that to
capture that, Kareem and I were
discussing it and GTM engineer felt
appropriate.
>> You don't want to do FE.
>> Uh, well, it's not really a forward
deployed engineer. Uh, because a forward
deployed engineer is almost like
professional services where they're
actually going on site and setting it
all up and whatever. This is a sales
role to be clear, but it's coming from a
very different background and a very
different thing. Now the thing is is no
other company can do this actually
because it only makes sense for us
because our product is clay and like if
you're Figma you're not going to have
your designers sell Figma designer 2
three years ago that's what we started
as and this what we realized with the
market is that people were hiring people
who look like our salespeople to to use
clay internally as the ops team and so
what it became is okay who are the
people using clay and other tools like
it to build revenue systems using
automation and AI to run growth
experiments to
this and maybe they're building their
own software internally, maybe they're
using clay, maybe they're all of them
are operating with a product and growth
mindset. They're iterating quickly,
they're experimenting quickly. that
became the thing and then we obviously
like uh enable that to fuel that and
fuel that and now we actually even have
a go to market engineering marketplace
that we've launched
>> to match talent to the top companies
because now the best companies in the
world from cursor to uh framework to web
flow to openai are all hiring for go to
market engineers and so we are matching
people in our community to get those
jobs
>> for folks that either hiring whatever
they call it go to market engineer or FD
may if they want to hire an FTE
what should they look for? Cuz like I
think the thing for me and for probably
a lot of folks in this room is like
people don't have this skill like it
just doesn't exist.
>> So the way I think about it and maybe
even for asking explicit question I
think what we've just generally seen is
the way the org chart in sales used to
look like and still looks like in most
companies you have SDRs or prospecting.
We use closing deals, Revups or
maintaining systems. The issue with this
is it operates a lot like an assembly.
And assembly lines aren't really good
for sharing learnings and and scaling
ideas. And so the new chart that we see
in all these cutting edge teams is you
have like go to market engineers like a
few of them who are building product
basically using clay or building their
own or coding themselves sometimes with
the data scientists even to take some of
the best ideas that these sales team
people are doing and scaling them and
and running experiments to see what
works and what doesn't work. And then
just before you do the demo, like when
you're personally evaluating con like
candidates for go to market engineers
in-house at CLI, what's the number one
thing you look for?
>> I'm looking for creativity is the number
one thing. Okay.
>> Um and and and that can usually be
demonstrated like in the take-h home.
>> What is this take home? Like what's it
like? Can you give them homework? Like
>> the we have we actually have take homes
for every role of play. Okay. But but
the takehomes could be like very
different. They could be a lot of
different things. It could be like, hey,
like I hear three companies, come up
with three creative outbound campaigns
for them and build it and let's and let
>> And do you do you comp candidates to do
that or you expect them to do that if
they want to get the role?
>> Um, it depends. Generally speaking,
takehomes at Clay are not compensated.
It's just a part of the process.
>> If it's for some reason particularly
long, we will compensate. Um and and a
lot of roles like u by the way the woman
Sarah you were working with she her
first day was actually only yesterday
because before that when you were
actually working with her she was on a
work trial at Clay
>> for two or three weeks she wasn't even
full-time was on a work trial where we
were trying her out now it's fully
>> okay and is that standard for like any
role at Clay you guys doing a trial
>> um in the early days we would do work
trials for almost every role now we
don't because now we know how to
interview people and we have better
understanding but there are certain
roles like Sarah's where it's hard to
interview for. It's hard to evaluate for
in a traditional process. So, we opt to
do a work trial instead.
>> Okay, let's give people a little
context.
Ver's going to come to the desk. We're
going to swap a demo.
>> Wow, I'm getting upgraded, guys. So,
we're going to just do a quick demo to
kind of get people
an understanding of Clay and get a
sense, but it's going to be interactive.
So, um what I want is a couple
volunteers to basically give me their
LinkedIn URL. You
>> know, one person, do you know your
LinkedIn URL?
This guy.
Okay. This guy right here. That's you.
Okay. Perfect. Wow. 15,000 followers.
Popular man. Okay. We're going to take
Okay, we're going to do that.
Okay. Amazing. Anyone else want to
volunteer? This is Francis. Francis or
C4.
Okay.
Okay. So, let's get into it. All right.
So, basic
what I'm going to show you is like an
inbound workflow. Now, remember we
talked earlier there's only a few ways
you can grow a business, right? Inbound,
outbound, and expanding your existing
customers. Inbound and outbound are
actually the same thing. It's just
where's your lead originating from,
right? And so, I did that form with you
guys to get like something as an inbound
point. and we're going to walk through a
workflow that covers, you know, 70%
of Clay's functionality
and we'll give everyone like a really
good overview. Okay, so let's say you
signed up for this thing and we've
gotten a few people here. We got we got
Milo, we got Michael, and we got
Francis. Amazing. And and look, we got a
bunch of information about these people.
So, we know we got Francis right here
signing up at at ra.co. We got he's an
angel investor. He's CEO of Raa. We got
a bunch of info about him.
We have Milo over here. He says he's a
family dad. Very sweet. Founder. We got
a lot of information on Milo. He's in
Denmark. Okay. Uh, look this right
person. 15,611 followers. So, still
still just as popular on Clay. Okay,
great. So, we got a bunch of information
and let's see what more we can find. So,
we got his LinkedIn profile. We got the
companies that they work at. We got the
domain and and we we're getting some
more information. Okay, so we know that
Franc is a founder. We know that Milo is
doing growth, which we know we know that
Michael is a CMO. And we actually have
all their past experiences here, too.
So, we can search through this however
we want. We know every single title and
job they've ever had basically.
This is like a obviously like a wealth
of information that we can do things
with. And then we check to make sure
that we know their domain is correct.
And then we're actually going to find
out like what's seen how senior is the
role, right? So imagine someone signing
up for your product. But do you want to
know are they like a like a sea level
person or are they like something else?
So we have like an AI column here that's
analyzing the job titles to determine
how senior they are and then
categorizing it into like CXO, VP,
director, head of something like that.
So that's pretty useful qualification
and you can see the AI prompt over here
on the right uh and how it's like
qualifying it into all the different
into all the different kind of uh levels
of a role. And then we see okay, how big
are these companies to help qualify it?
sales headc count, like how many people
are on the sales team. That's pretty
useful. We can even scrape their website
and like get a bunch of information from
the website that then you can search off
that and be like, do they have
information on the website that could
indicate if they're a good fit? As an
example, if I was last night I was
talking to someone uh running a benefits
company and you can imagine they would
want to scrape a company's website to
determine, hey, are you what benefits
are you offering your employees? Then
you want to get your work email. So, we
got Franc's email, Michael's email, and
Milo's email. And we were able to do
this because we have a waterfall. And so
at Clay, we're able to use like we have
150 data vendors in Clay and we do this
thing called waterfalling where we try
lots of different vendors to get you the
data. And if it doesn't come in the
first one, we try the next one. And then
we'll also validate um the emails as
well. And so you can see that through
all of this.
>> You just expanded the waterfall right
now. Basically,
>> yeah, I just expanded the waterfall. You
can see that by that's what enables us
to get like the highest coverage because
we try so many vendors to make sure that
we are like getting the right email.
Okay, so that's great. And then we want
to like okay find something about the
company that we can use in email to
reach out. And so we got like the
mission here for Raa and Weiss and Riff.
We got like a oneliner about each of
them. I can show you even the AI prompt
that we wrote here. So you're writing a
sentence about a company who will
understand what they do and and you're
giving a lot of constraints so that you
can have a oneliner that you can include
in an email. You're also seeing okay who
their customers are. And then I am what
I'm doing here is I'm actually going to
create a meme. And so for all these
people for Francis, Michael, and Milo,
they're going to get a LinkedIn message
soon. Um and I can show you what the
meme is for the meme. Um to make it, you
know, even more engaging. I'll show you
guys what the meme is, too. Can you fix
something that's not a meme? That's like
they if they don't want to do a meme
>> a nice message for them, too. I guess.
Yes. We have like a meme for the for the
for the vibes and and and a and a
thoughtful line for the sale.
>> And so, okay. So, so we're creating a
meme here. And you can see we're just
actually doing a random meme selection
and then and then taking the data from
their LinkedIn profile to personalize
the meme for them. Okay. So, we do that.
Should we look at the memes? Okay. So,
Okay. Okay, so this is Francis's meme.
Y'all got any more of that seamless
global IT on boarding? Ra's got you.
Pretty good. Um, let's look at
Michael's.
Wow, Michael. 2x exits, new categories,
keynote vibes, mental riffs. Pretty
good.
And let's look at Milo's.
Let Milo build momentum. Let's go.
So, that's pretty good. And then we're
actually using clay to do a lot more
very creative research on on websites to
get new unique data points, right? So we
are doing like GTM research. We can see
what this one is trying to do to like
get a lot of unique information about
their go to market strategies um that
you can then use in your email outreach,
right? Because hey, you know your that
your outreach that this is the way you
do go to market. Here's how you can use
play to accelerate that, right? So it's
very tailored. You also probably want to
know, hey, here are some unique data
points that these businesses care about.
And then you can in your email be like,
hey, like a clay can help you and find
these unique data points in these ways,
right? Other qualification details or
like your funding uh information. We we
get that from a lot of different
sources. So again, you can see uh how we
have a waterfall from harmonic and
crunch base and things like that.
>> People sort through all this, right? So
like let's say this is like your
campaign, people are signing up like
what do they do with all this next,
>> right? So this is basically a very
comprehensive work workflow to do a
number of things right this is trying to
understand who's signing up to your
product figure out if they are a good
prospect qualifying them and then trying
to score them to determine how good of a
prospect where they land and this is by
the way workflows that anthropic figma
cursor are all using theta power and
then like if they you know who they are
they are a good prospect you've
qualified them accordingly how do you
then create some language for them over
LinkedIn or email or whatever to reach
out to and and get them going, you know,
and then do that very quickly. And so
that's what you're trying to accomplish
here in like one comprehensive workflow.
Um, and then you even score it. So you
have here like here are the scores for
like whether this is like a good fit and
you can like set up a very custom score.
And then lastly, we're coming up with a
couple of things here, right? So what
you've also done is we've created a
research brief for the sales rep who's
going to take the call. So if I go here,
I'm going to see Michael's like research
brief. And this is like a full document
that's been created for the for the
sales rep about Michael and his company
that they can read prior to their like
meeting.
>> Will this any of their data or is this
all just what you found on like the
>> this is all what's online? Yeah, this is
all what's online and what they
submitted in the form. And so you have
so much here, right? You have
nontraditional data points that you can
suggest. You have like um obviously a
bio on them. You have like all this
research that's been done. you know,
financials on the company. So, we can
look at another one. Maybe we look at um
Milo's.
So, again, like a very comprehensive
brief here that you can you can bring
up. And then that's like call prep for
the rep. You can send the Slack message.
And then you can see here, here's the
like here is the message. And so, you
can send the message over LinkedIn.
Boom. And then lastly, you'll want to
update this in your CRM. And so you can
check hey have they already uh engaged
with us in any way? Uh if not um here
you go and then updating the record in
the CRM
>> CRM agnostic for
>> yeah we can use any CRM.
>> Yeah. So this is basically a very
comprehensive workflow for inbound that
covers a lot of different bases from
qualification to scoring to CRM upload
to sending them a message um and you
could pretty much implement immediately
to kind of like um get your inbound kind
of working. And so many companies like
for example cursor um they had so many
free users using their product didn't
know who they were and saw an immediate
revenue uplift because now they knew who
they were they could convert them into
revenue.
>> So it's not so it's not just you know
like trying to get new leads into the
funnel. It's also they can use it to
like nurture basically.
>> Yeah.
>> Qualifications. Yep.
>> Yeah. And so really I mean it's very
flexible. Yes. Totally. Inbound or
taking your existing customers and
dramatically upselling them figuring out
where they work. How can you how can you
upsell them there and then putting them
into this funnel and then reaching out
to them?
>> All right. Do you want do you still want
like two more volunteers?
>> Oh, to do some grow. Let's do it. Yeah.
>> If there's two new volunteers there,
we're actually bring you up on stage.
>> Well, let's just give them a heads up of
what's going to happen. So, so they so
they know what they're signing up for.
So,
>> before you raise your
>> Well, we're basically going to do some
live growth hacking. And what what that
more or less entails is you should
ideally have some growth problem in your
business and and you should and we will
help you with it basically and and so
you would come up tell us a little bit
about your business tell us like you
know who your customer is and what
growth problem you have and we will try
live to brainstorm a solution.
>> Yeah. So with that being said we need
two people. So if you don't so one and
then drew another
we have already done yours.
>> Well there's one.
>> Oh yeah
>> in the hat.
>> Hey guys, my name is Martin.
>> Senior marketing operations manager. I'm
from a company called Personify Health.
>> Okay, great.
>> We work I work in marketing. We're
working really closely with STRs trying
to roll out agents.
>> Okay. And what is like the main problem
like you're trying to solve? Is it like
outreach or what is the
>> Yeah, I mean for us the main problem
that I'm dealing with at the moment is a
how we implement those kind of AI
agents. Um we're still kind of primarily
human based. We have SDRs
the problems about kind of phasing out
SDRs and phasing in agent. How to do
that?
>> Yeah. And the time to roll this out,
right? It would be me doing this. So I
think it would be helpful to kind of
understand what is the most manual work
they're doing right now and then we can
decompose that to how you can build
that.
>> Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, I think the most
the most manual reach is a lot of
discovery for bringing in top of funnel
through marketing. Got it. And like the
complicated bit why it's manual is
because there's like complicated account
hierarchies or things like different
like market segments.
>> Yeah. Okay. So I think for this um this
by the way I think is a relatively
straightforward workflow you could build
in clay. Um this would obviously be like
different workflows for different
audiences
but basically like I actually used to
help work in health insurance so I like
deeply understand that uh market you
know this is a market that's actually
very offline to some degree cuz a lot of
uh health insurance brokers in the US
are working in brokerages that are mom
and pop brokerages right so for that
what I would recommend is um actually
you can use Google maps or open mart to
get a lot of of the small health
insurance brokerages um and then you can
use that to reach out to them and then
you can use Clay to find the people who
work there. Now, again, because they're
offline, a lot of them are not going to
have LinkedIn profiles, is my guess. But
a lot of these health brokerages will
actually have like an about us page on
their website with their team. You can
use Clay to scrape the website and use
AI to analyze it to tell you who all the
people are and then use Clay to find the
work emails. So, that would be like a
workflow that you would set up here. And
if you don't have the bandwidth
internally, which it sounds like you
don't, you could hire like an agency and
we could recommend some that could help
you do this. I feel very thinky though.
>> Okay, have a little bit of time. So, a
couple things I want to dive in on just
because we've seen now like an actual
we've given people context on what Clay
can actually do. Where do you see most
people like what's your most typical use
case of a product? Is it like as like an
AISDR? Is it something else? Like I feel
like people only think of it maybe as
like enrichment. Yeah, I mean enrichment
is definitely a starter use case like
and we will like help you dramatically
improve your data enrichment quality and
we will do like a data test with you and
you can use the waterfalls and you could
get very custom data points like waste
management uses clay actually and they
use play because they they this is a
very custom unique data point they want
to know who their customers are so they
use Google maps to get satellite images
AI to analyze the images to determine
like what color the trash cans are
outside people's houses to look and see
if the unique data point that a vendor
is never going to have.
>> But what are they doing with that?
They're like
>> okay they're using a competitor or
they're using us and because they sell
to a lot of subsidiaries so they don't
actually always know who their customers
are and then if they're not using them
they can then market to them in
different ways.
>> Got it. Okay.
>> So that's a very unique data point.
That's starting off point. And then you
could also use Clay on top of that to do
very creative growth campaigns. So that
could be, hey, I'm using I'm I'm using
direct mail campaigns to send customized
cookie jars or whatever to people or I'm
doing like very personalized targeted
outbound campaign or I'm converting
inbound like the workflow we just showed
and those are like um uh more standard
use cases in play.
>> Okay. So you've talked a little bit
about like inbound and outbound as like
a total go to market. So for you guys
like because you are an AI company,
where do you have maybe guard rails or
just rules on your internal team on how
they can use AI? Like are you like do
whatever you want with AI or like what
is the what's the
>> I would say we're like pretty agnostic
like we try to let people u we we're
very mods up
>> and so if people want to use cursor or
this or that like we're very
open-minded. I I will say like I think
we are less we're an AI company. We're
obviously it's very like a forward
thinking company very progressive. I
will say we're less I I think basically
there's a lot of talk on the internet of
like AI is the default for everything
>> and like you see the new like open door
CEO and they send the memo or then you
Shopify CEO they send these memos
they're like use AI or you're not going
to be here at all you know
>> and I don't think that's necessarily the
right approach.
>> You know in marketing for example
marketing is all about standing out. You
know what large language models are all
about? Not standing out. They're all
about reverting to the mean actually. Um
and and that's literally what they're
doing. They're synthesizing a lot of
information and giving you kind of a
synthesis of it. And so if you use it
for writing or marketing, you are kind
of defeating the whole point of
marketing in coding. I you know it's a
great all these AI coding products and
claude and cursor whatever are great
products but the issue and trade-offs
with them is our engineers like
understand less of the code that they're
actually writing you know or making more
mistakes issues can't debunk it faster
so there all these very like tricky
trade-offs with all this that I feel
like people don't talk about and so for
example we don't really want our team to
use clay for writing internally and and
for marketing like we want that to come
from the soul
>> and but do you use it for sales
>> I mean we use clay to do like premeating
notes, right? We use to automate a
highly targeted outbound campaign.
>> Um, but we are the humans are coming up
with the creative ideas to iterate and
experiment with.
>> Okay.
>> And then when it when it comes to
recruiting those humans, how many are
you guys now?
>> We're like 250 people.
>> So, of those 250 people,
how many did you have to like did you
train everybody on clay? like how many
kind of got it or like how did you hire
for something that's like it's not
really out there in the market, right?
You're like I'm going to go in kind of
dark.
>> Yeah. Well, I mean you only kind of need
the clay expertise for the customerf
facing roles and for everyone else we
have like a clay boot camp that you go
through at at the beginning of those at
the beginning of the company uh when you
on board and you learn the product and
you learn everything.
>> But look, I think what we're looking for
is like underlying skills like are you
technical? Do you like playing in tools?
We have a takehome that's about clay
usage, right? Do you have a systematic
mindset? Are you data like all these
kind of like core attributes? And then
we evaluate for that and we hire for
that and then we have like a rigorous
kind of take home and interview process
that test for that.
>> Okay. A couple last questions then.
When you hired people, has there
anything that stood out to you the mo?
Like is there an attribute something
where you're like, okay, I know this
person, take home test or not, is
probably going to meet the bar and this
person does not.
I actually try not to think about a bar,
per se. Um,
>> like a gut feeling. No, you're just like
>> there are things when I meet someone
that stand out.
>> Sure.
>> And that are like, okay, this is
interesting and we should spend more
time here, you know, and what what are
some of those signals, right? Like maybe
it's creativity and creative ideas.
Maybe it's they've taught me something
in the conversation. Maybe it's like the
sheer passion for the product and
they've demonstrated that by going deep
on the product and explaining all this
feedback. We're deeply understanding our
vision in a way that very few people do,
even our own employees do sometimes, you
know, and so there are these like things
that can stand out when you originally
meet someone. But ultimately what we're
trying to do is just evaluate things,
right? And so for example, like and like
other unique things that you don't
expect like we hired a head of
recruiting, but the head of recruiting
is like a quasi engineer who taught
herself how to code because she was an
engineering recruiter. I was trying to
build empathy and like builds like
Salesforce integrations on the side and
stuff and like you don't see that that
often in a in a recruiting lead, you
know, and so like there are unique
attributes that you try to pay attention
to, but it's a little less about like do
they have this quality or that. It's
more like and we have values that we
care about like low ego and negative
maintenance, but but really what it's
like we're just trying to understand who
the human is and try to get as much
information about them as possible and
try to map that to what we need and like
see if there fit. So actually we hire a
ton of generalists but none of them do
generalist roles in a company. Everyone
commits [music] and thank you so much
for having me.
>> Yeah, thanks for coming.
>> All right, thanks guys.
>> Hey Sasker, imagine having agents for
every support task. One that triages
tickets, another that catches
duplicates, one that spots churn risk.
That'd be pretty amazing, right? [music]
Happy Fox just made it real with
autopilot. These pre-built AI agents
deploy in about 60 [music] seconds and
run for as low as 2 cents per successful
action. All of it sits inside the Happy
Fox omni channel AI first support stack,
chatbot, co-pilot, and autopilot working
as [music] one. Check them out at
happyfox.com/saster.